Miss Stone.
You dare to beat the king of Quang Lang.
Sister, what are you doing?
What do I do?
Honey, what are you doing?
Do you really want to kill your brother?
I told you to cooperate with the investigation.
Don't you know what he did?
Even if you are really guilty.
Then you shouldn't be either.
Is the life of a North Korean soldier important?
Even if you really make a mistake.
Then you shouldn't have done that.
What did you say?
Arrange this scene today
The reinforcements must die.
It's a bad thing if you don't make this decision...
Then let me personally supplement the work for you.
If you want to live, listen to me.
Confess guilty
Then I'll tell you again.
I was framed. I'm innocent.
override the guillotine